**Important**

When answering questions in a mathematics course, use the following guidelines to help you do your best:

- This assignment contains 6 questions.
- This assignment has no time limit.
- Provide full solutions, showing all of your steps.
- Include only one step or idea per line.
- Use one equal sign per line.
- Line up equal signs vertically.
- Don't use self-developed short form notations.

This is a communication-based assignment. In mathematics, communication is important to ensure that those who are reading our work can understand what the problems are, which methods we are going to use to solve the problems, and why we choose to use certain methods. In order to communicate effectively, we must ensure that we clearly define which variables we intend to use and use the appropriate vocabulary, terminology, and notations in the calculations. Showing all of our steps also helps to communicate with the readers. Wrap up each of the solutions with a concluding statement; a proper concluding statement clearly defines the results of the solution in a concise statement. Keep all of these factors in mind when working through this assignment and all future assignments in the course.

**Note**

By clicking on "Start Assessment," you are generating an assignment within the Assessment Tool. Feel free to copy these questions into a word processor to complete using a computer, or to print them off and complete the questions by hand.

Once you have finished the assignment, you must upload your work to the corresponding Dropbox.